Good morning guys, here's how it goes.
Speaking I came here to show my
bonelli's collection here has the ponies
Everyone, I'm going to speak their names and
show that I only came in my place
that orange butt is also unique
my only celestial student and crown is here
what to do with this crown
I think it's this idea
no modesty is for jack and i wear hat
I thought it was the athletic one
and have been here 10 days and
the children here is pink father girl who
It's good, I'll leave the boy who is
the speech and hearst boy that is to use
This is the team if I did not tell you here is the
bugre
this was my collection of but I hope
that you liked and liked
favorite in a video and sign up for
my goodbye channel